DOCS-2467: first draft (#1638)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/prepaid-cards/edenred/activation.md

---
title: "Activating Edenred"
breadcrumb_title: 'Activation'
weight: 20
meta_title: "Activating Edenred - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "Sign up. Build and test your payments integration. Explore our products and services. Use our API Reference, SDKs, and wrappers. Get support."
short_description: "Activating Edenred in your MultiSafepay account and backend"
layout: 'child'
---

To activate the use of Edenred vouchers you need to:

> 1. Register your website with Edenred by filling in their [form](https://registreermijnwebsite.edenred.be/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fill out the Edenred – [Registreer mijn website](https://registreermijnwebsite.edenred.be/) form, selecting the relevant checkbox for each voucher you want to offer.
```

> 2. Select the checkboxes in the form for each  Edenred voucher you want to offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Sign a contract with Edenred specifying the Edenred vouchers you will offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Sign a contract with Edenred, specifying the vouchers you want to offer.
```

> 4. Receive your Edenred Merchant ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Receive your Edenred Merchant ID.
```

> 5. Share your Edenred Merchant ID with your account manager to complete activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To complete activation, email your Edenred Merchant ID to your account manager at <sales@multisafepay.com>
```
